miss Michelle here I just wanted to do a
facebook video just some random in
something I actually wanted to try out I
hope they're like hey but um I have been
experiencing a lot of hair breakage
doing my hair journey and I'm just doing
some research on kids there was a lot of
hair form actually her Tracy and talking
about this on kids
and I guess it kind of like went in one
ear and out together but I've had so
much hair breakage shitty videos
ridiculous even before I relaxed my hair
I was like oh my god I thought I wasn't
gonna make it and I was like I need to
do some sense since with they hair
breakage shedding and everything so
doing my research I did find out or rid
of Han using black piece of black tea
meant to assist with hair of shading and
breakage and I did me that black tea has
as much as much caffeine as a cup of
coffee now you could you could use
coffee but we must sell personally I
drink coffee sometimes and I don't want
to walk around I don't like it so I did
hear that black people hurt just as good
and has as much caffeine unit as a cup
of coffee and also black tea can
actually assist be trying to darken your
hair until actually in being one a dye
this could help you as well so I would
like that you know to try that out
especially was dark my hair is already
like a dark brown
and Eddie helps my Albarn highlights
they are going out but I'm gonna try
this I actually picked it up from my
local girls were is just by Lipton it's
black tea black pearl
quality black it actually smells really
good and I actually opened it and I had
some brewing from this morning on the
stove I use I believe for four or five
key days so I bought the water and
actually have some going so I'm going to
actually do this tonight I'm going to
wash my hair this we're reading up I'm
supposed to wash my hands with
moisturizing shampoos do the black tea
grant
let that sit on my fear in being in time
for couple of hours and then add a
conditioner on top of that and Riaan let
it sit you place it in overnight and
then rinse so I might want to try that
so definitely you know this is what I'm
going to try out just to see if I can
help with Shetty and I heard it really
helped it heard that it really helps so
I am definitely looking for such I'm
trying to out I want to drink it drink
some too because it smells really good I
mean I I drink tea looks like some
people who triangle these bags but I
drink tea but this smells really good
why it's really refreshing um yeah I'm
kind of trying to black tea mint in my
hair tonight and I will definitely let
you know we're gonna do a review on it
and let you know how it works out so I
guess that's about it um like I say I
just been having some issues with a
breakage and the shading and I know that
type of natural part appear growing the
shitty but I think mine is kind of
overboard
I try to pre-poo before I wash my hand I
miss most the help but
you cannot just been having a community
that's right it kind of feels like I'm
not going to reach my goal and when
we've all hated it so we're gonna try to
flex events and hopefully everything
works out so anyways I do if you want to
update a few or my black tea when I
doing her interesting without for it I
know that on YouTube here they have if
you watch is channel my channel okay he
might describe please decide I'm going
to be through and giveaway through to
subscriber unless your wedding either
way but it will be something that so I
encourage you if you watching this
channel if you haven't subscribed
subscribe please
easy messages in my inbox to be create
see you later
coming back to shortly